# Contributing

The contents of this repository are automatically generated by the
[OpenAPI generator](https://openapi-generator.tech/). There should only
be two reasons to make changes to this repository:

1. Regenerate the client code for the latest version of the API
2. Update the script that generates the client code

## Prerequisites

Install the OpenAPI generator:

```bash
npm install @openapitools/openapi-generator-cli -g
```

## Regenerate the client code

To regenerate the client code, run the following command, within this repository:

```bash
./generate-sdk.sh
```

This will download the latest version of the OpenAPI specification from the
official Sumo Logic documentation site, and generate the client code.

## Update the script that generates the client code

The OpenAPI generator supports many [global options](https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/generators#global-options)
and [language-specific options](https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/generators#language-specific-options)
that can be used to customize the generated client code. Those options are
specified in [`config.yaml`](config.yaml).

The [`generate-sdk.sh`](generate-sdk.sh) script is responsible for downloading the
latest version of the OpenAPI specification and generating the client code. Unfortunately,
the OpenAPI generator contains some bugs that create minor syntax errors in the generated code.
This script includes some `sed` commands to fix those errors. If the OpenAPI generator is updated
to fix those bugs, the `sed` commands in this script should be removed.

## Pull Request Process

All changes to this repository should be made in a feature branch and submitted as a pull request.
The pull request should include a description of the changes and the reason for the changes.

If you modify `generate-sdk.sh` or `config.yaml`, please first commit those changes, and then
generate the client code in a separate commit.
